README.md, before:

DESCRIPTION:

This suite contains 'sh' scripts designed to complement programming with
commands that, except in rare and forced cases, only use internal commands.

CONTENT:

- Manage script inclusion (include, tipo)
- Filter text (shead)
- Colorize/style text (tize, parp)
- Separate instances (sep)
- Send standard output to a script (tb)
- Pass command output to a variable (varize)
- Identify numbers (isnum)
- Enumerate numbers and count words (enum)
- Check options (check)
- Display a script's header information (infsh)
- Control temperature by adjusting CPU frequency (tempfreq, tempfreq_log)
- Terminate the system by time or temperature (fin)
- Converts a partial path to absolute and assigns it to a variable (path)


CONFIGURATION:

1 - These scripts must be in the /home/$USER/code folder, since 'include',
'tempfreq_log', and the calls from each script to 'infsh' refer to this folder:

  Run 'echo PATH=$PATH:~/code >> ~/.bashrc'.


OTHERS:

This is a suite because most scripts depend on others. They use 'include', which
manages inclusion. Some only work if included, either with 'include' or directly
with '. script'.

Some create the '/tmp/vacio' folder to operate with wildcards [*|?] without
incident.

The working files for some scripts, called 'script_$USER', will also be stored
in '/tmp'.

A call to '. include varize check infsh' will include all scripts except
'tempfreq' that is not includable, and 'tempfreq_log', which opens a window.

To obtain information about a command, it is usually enough to run it without
any options, currently only in Spanish.

Commit message:

Update 12 Jun 2025 (3)changes
___ various files ___
Minor changes to informational headers
___ type ___
Finds the type of a command and returns (0|true) for functions and (1-5|false) for others
___ shead ___
Fixed the first line number in subsequent instances

README.md, after:

DESCRIPTION:

This suite contains 'sh' scripts designed to complement programming with
commands that, except in rare and forced cases, only use internal commands.

CONTENT:

- Manage script inclusion (include)
- Filter text (shead)
- Colorize/style text (tize, parp)
- Separate instances and can execute commands with each of them (sep)
- Send standard output to a script (tb)
- Pass command output to a variable (varize)
- Identify numbers (isnum)
- Enumerate numbers and count words (enum)
- Find out the command type and return (0|true) for functions and # (1-5|false) for the rest (tipo)
- Check options (check)
- Display a script's header information (infsh)
- Control temperature by adjusting CPU frequency (tempfreq, tempfreq_log)
- Terminate the system by time or temperature (fin)
- Converts a partial path to absolute and assigns it to a variable (path)


CONFIGURATION:

1 - These scripts must be in the /home/$USER/code folder, since 'include',
'tempfreq_log', and the calls from each script to 'infsh' refer to this folder:

  Run 'echo PATH=$PATH:~/code >> ~/.bashrc'.


OTHERS:

This is a suite because most scripts depend on others. They use 'include', which
manages inclusion. Some only work if included, either with 'include' or directly
with '. script'.

Some create the '/tmp/vacio' folder to operate with wildcards [*|?] without
incident.

The working files for some scripts, called 'script_$USER', will also be stored
in '/tmp'.

A call to '. include varize check infsh' will include all scripts except
'tempfreq' that is not includable, and 'tempfreq_log', which opens a window.

To obtain information about a command, it is usually enough to run it without
any options, currently only in Spanish.
